[Browser rendering] Add notes emphasing --remote is required for local development (#14112)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/browser-rendering/get-started/reuse-sessions.md

## 5. Test

> Run `npx wrangler dev --remote` to test your Worker locally before deploying to Cloudflare's global network. Take into account that there's no `local` mode support so `--remote` is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run [`npx wrangler dev --remote`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) to test your Worker remotely before deploying to Cloudflare's global network. Local mode support does not exist for Browser Rendering so `--remote` is required.
```
